-- Styling Text --

-- Font Family --
The font-family property changes what font our selected element appears in.
It expects us to list a font and an additional, optional, family of fonts as well.
"Use this font but if you can't find it, default to this font-family."

h1 {
    font-family: "Segoe UI", Futura, sans-serif;
}
^ This is refered to as a 'font-stack'; a list of fonts you want to use for your page in descending order.
It's a good idea to always include a fallback font-family that can be commonly found/adapted on both Mac and Windows OS systems.


-- Font-size --
This governs the size of text, nice and simple.
Many HTML elements come with a default font-size which can be changed using CSS.
Font-size can take many values (px, %, rem, em, etc.) and those will be explored more at length in a later section.

h2 {
    font-size: 24 px;
}


-- Font-weight --
This controls the boldness of the text.
By default, headings are bolded and elements such as <p> and <a> are not.
Of course, all of this can be customized by using CSS and utilizing the font-weight property.
This accepts things like "bold", numeric values 100 - 900 (400 being normal).
* Many fonts do not accept numerical values under 400 to appear lighter.

p {
    font-weight: bold;
}

-- Font-style --
This is similar to font-weight, but this one controls the italics of the font.

a {
    font-style: italic;
}

em {
    font-style: normal;
}


-- Text-align --
An extremely useful, inheritable property to change the alignment of your text on your webpage.
By default (in English), text-align is set to left to meet our typical writing and reading conventions.

However, this doesn't mean that it will necessarily be centered on our page but it will be centered within its parent element.

h1 {
    text-align: center;
}

Other values include: left, right, justify, start (left), end (right).


-- Letter Spacing --
This controls the spacing behavior between the letters on your webpage.

h1{
    letter-spacing: 10px;
}
^ This puts 10 pixels of space between each letter in your h1 tag. 
* Also accepts negative values!


-- Word Spacing --
Same concept but this controls the spacing between words on your webpage.
Also accepts negative values.

p {
    word-spacing: 20px;
}


-- Line Height --
Line height controls the spacing between lines of text on your webpage.

p {
    line-height: 2; (not px! this effectively gives you a 'double-spaced' look. This is a multiplier. 3 would be 3x the normal spacing.)
}

This property accepts decimal values, pixels, em, rem, etc.


-- Text Shadow --
This property adds shadows or outlines of a few varieties.
It accepts multiple values, the syntax is flexible but the conventional way is as follows:

text-shadow: offset-x offset y blur-radius color;
Offset-x determines how far away the shadow on the x axis (left-right) and offset-y determines the y axis (up-down).

The blur-radius defaults to 0 if not provided but determines how big, wide, and bright the blur of the shadow is (almost like a glow).
0 is no blur, the letters will have sharp edges whereas the higher the number, the more distortion there is.

h2 {
    text-shadow: -4px 2px 1px goldenrod;
}

* It's almost possible to have multiple shadows, seperated by a comma!

h2
{
    text-shadow: -4px 2px pink, -8px 4px goldenrod; 
    (keep in mind to change the values for further shadows or they'll stack on top of each other and won't be visible.)
}