-- Animations Introduction --
In addition to transitions, we also have keyframes.
Transitions are typically one step to a second step and are induced by hovering or some JavaScript.

With animations, there's tons of options.
One of the best examples of an animation would be a loader animation...circles growing in order, a mouse cursor spinning, etc.


-- Defining the Animation --
First, to define an animation, we use - @keyframes - to define the animation.

@keyframes your_animation_name {

}

Inside your @keyframes annotation, you lay out the steps of your animation.

from {
    - some animation properties here -
}
to {
    - some animation properties here -
}

Now, we need to apply our animation to our element(s).
There are many properties to use here but the two most important may be - animation-name: ... - and - animation-duration: ... -.

Other times, you may want to use a percentage-based approach, where you start at (for example) 0% and end at 50%.

0% {
    - do this -
}
50% {
    - then do this -
}


-- Delay, Repeat, and More --
Animation iteration count is used to control how many times an animation will happen before finishing.

The syntax is simple (and the default value is one.)

animation-iteration-count: 2;
Apparently this is a little rare, as you want something to happen only once (by default) or infinitely, using some JavaScript to turn it off instead.

The value of alternate (and alternate-reverse) for animation-direction will play an animation twice with both versions of itself.

Animation delay does exactly what it sounds like.

Animation timing function (default set to ease) controls the rate something animates at.
Some values this property can take include: linear, ease-in, ease-out, ease-in-out


-- Reusing Animations --
It's important to note that we can reuse animations for different page elements and let them have their own properties dictating how the animation will behave.


-- Animation Shorthand --
The shorthand for all of this (and more) is typically in the following syntax, but has other variants as well:

animation: 2s linear 1s spin
        keyframes duration / easing-function / delay / name


-- Animation Fill Mode --
This property tells an animation what to do at its end state.
You might have something moving and want it to stop without reseting to its original position, for example.
This can take values like forwards, backwards, and both.