-- Gradients --
There are different types of gradients we can use, but the first we'll discuss is a - linear gradient -

-- Linear Gradients --
The linear-gradient() function creates an image consisting of a transition between two or more colors along a straight line.
It can be top to bottom, left to right, angled, etc.

.box {
    border: 2px solid black;
    height: 400px;
    width: 400px;
    background-image: linear-gradient(cyan, yellow, magenta)     <-- To make a gradient (as a background, we use a function! Inside, the function takes colors (hex, rgb, named, etc.)as parameters)
}

To specify an angle, make a number followed by deg as the first parameter:
background-image: linear-gradient(45deg, cyan, yellow)
or
background-image: linear-gradient(to bottom right, magenta, grey);

If you use RGBA colors (note the transparency), you can have multiple gradients stacked on top of each other.

You can also add a percentage value of how much of a particular color you'd like to gradient to use:
...:linear-gradient(135deg, orange 60%, cyan);
Otherwise, the colors will be divided up evenly.


-- Radial Gradients --
The next two gradients are used far less than linear-gradients but it's worth mentioning them a bit here.
The radial gradient radiates out from a central origin location, potentially making a circle / halo effect.

.box {
    border: 2px solid black;
    height: 400px;
    width: 400px;
    background-image: radial-gradient(cyan, pink, blue);
}

We can also control the ending shape and position by indicating it before the colors: (ellipse at bottom, cyan 70%, pink...).


-- Conic Gradients --
These are gradients with color transitions rotated around a center point (rather than the center).
These can be thought of as pie charts and/or color wheels.

background-image: conic-gradient(cyan, yellow);
To avoid a harsh line/cut off, you can end with the same color you started with.


-- Repeating Linear Gradient --
This is very similar to linear gradients, even taking the same parameters, but the colors repeat infinitely in all directions until the container is covered.
This is useful for making patterns, stripes, plaid, fabric patterns, etc.
There are also repeating radial and conic gradients as well but they are pretty niche.

repeating-linear-gradient(45deg, blue, red, 33%);


-- The Background Shorthand --
Background is actually a shorthand property, similar to border!
This is generally used for a background image, position, and size all in one go.

.box {
    ...other properties;
    background: url("images/img.jpg") no-repeat center/200%;
}

Size, if included, must be included immediately after the position, seperated with a '/'.


-- Filters --
Filter applies graphical / photoshop-like effects to elements, including backgrounds.

.box {
    background: url(...);
    background-size: cover;
    filter: blur(5px);      <-- the more pixels, the more blur
}

img {
    width: 500px;
    filter: grayscale() contrast(150%);
}

img {
    ...
    filter: hue-rotate(180);    <-- totally swaps the color palette
}